a) Express the Fourier transform. of h[n] in the form. H(ejω ) = ejf (ω)A(ω) , where f (ω) and A(ω) are real-valued functions of ω . Determine f (ω) and A(ω). b) Provide an example of such an impulse response h[n] for M = 7 and ﬁnd the corresponding f (ω) and A(ω). 2. Read Section 7.2.2 from the textbook and pay particular attention to Example 7.7. We wish to design a generalized linear phase ﬁlter satisfying the speciﬁcations 0.95 < jH(ejω )j < 1.05, jH(ejω )j < 0.15, 0 ≤ jωj ≤ 0.5π 0.6π ≤ jωj ≤ π (1)by applying a Kaiser window to the impulse response hd [n] of the ideal low-pass ﬁlter with cut- off frequency ωc = 0.55π . Find the value β and the window length M required to satisfy the speciﬁcations. Plot the corresponding Kaiser window and the impulse response of the designed low-pass ﬁlter. Plot the magnitude response 20 log10 jH(ejω )j of the designed ﬁlter in the range ω ∈ (0, π) with resolution 2π/1024 or higher.3. Suppose that we are given a continuous-time low-pass ﬁlter with frequency response Hc (jΩ) such that 1 - δ1 ≤ jHc (jω)j ≤ 1 + δ1 , jHc (jΩ)j ≤ δ2 , 0 ≤ jΩj ≤ Ωp jΩj ≥ Ωs . (2) A set of discrete-time 代 写Fundamentals of Digital Signal Processing Coursework Assignment 2Matlab 代做程序编程语言low-pass ﬁlters can be obtained from Hc (s) by using the bilinear transfor- mation,i.e. H(z) = Hc (s)js=(2/Td)(1-z-1)/(1+z-1) , with Td variable. a) Assuming that Ωp is ﬁxed, ﬁnd Td such that the corresponding pass-band cut-off frequency of the discrete-time system is ωp = π/2. b) With Ωp ﬁxed, sketch ωp , the cut-off frequency of the discrete-time ﬁlter, as a function of Td , for 0 < Td < ∞ . c) With Ωp and Ωs ﬁxed sketch the width of the transition region, △ω = ωs - ωp as a function of Td , for Td in the range 0 < Td < ∞ .4. Suppose that H1 (z), H2 (z) and H(z) are transformed versions of Hc1(s), Hc2(s) and Hc (s), respectively, obtained using impulse invariance or the bilinear transformation. Which of the two methods will guarantee that H(z) = H1 (z) + H2 (z) whenever Hc (s) = Hc1(s) + Hc2(s). 5. Suppose that we are given an ideal low-pass discrete-time ﬁlter with frequency responseH(ejω) = ( 10,, π/ |ω|4< π/ < |ω 4 | ≤ π . We wish to derive new ﬁlters from this prototype by manipulating its impulse response h[n]. a) Plot the frequency response for the ﬁlter whose impulse response is h1 [n] = h[2n]. b) Plot the frequency response of the ﬁlter whose impulse response ish2[h] = ( h0,[n/2], notherwise= 0, ±2, ±4, . . .. c) Plot the frequency response of the ﬁlter whose impulse response is h3 [n] = ejπnh[n] = (-1)nh[n] . There is no need to plot these frequency responses in matlab, a sketch would be sufﬁcient.


   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
